
Stylus tests
============

Below you'll find the tests as run in Stylus, and their status in Stilus.
Also the location of the tests are specified.

Coverage: 64% (206/352)

============================================= ============================== =====================
Stylus test                                   Location                       Status
============================================= ============================== =====================
arithmetic.color.styl                         stylus/cases                   ok
arithmetic.styl                               stylus/cases                   ok
arithmetic.unary.styl                         stylus/cases                   ok
atblock.styl                                  stylus/cases                   ok
atrules.compressed.styl                       stylus/cases/compress          ok
atrules.styl                                  stylus/cases                   ok
atscope.styl                                  stylus/cases                   ok
bifs.add-property.styl                        stylus/cases                   not ok (needs work)
bifs.base-convert.styl                        stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.blend.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.cache.at-media.styl
bifs.cache.samename.styl
bifs.cache.size.styl
bifs.cache.styl
bifs.called-from.styl                         stylus/cases/bifs              not ok
bifs.clone.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.complement.styl                          stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.components.styl                          stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.contrast.styl                            stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.convert.styl                             stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.current-media.styl                       stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.current-property.styl                    stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.darken.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.dark.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.define.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.fade.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.floats.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              not ok (to correct calculation)
bifs.grayscale.styl                           stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.hsla.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.image-size.styl                          stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.index.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.invert.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.join.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.json.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.keys.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.last.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.length.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.lighten.styl                             stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.light.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.list-separator.styl                      stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.lookup.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.luminosity.styl                          stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.match.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.math.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.merge.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.mix.styl                                 stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.opposite-position.styl                   stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.percentage.styl                          stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.percent-to-decimal.styl                  stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.pop.styl                                 stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.prefix-classes.styl                      stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.push.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.range.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.remove.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.remove-unit.styl                         stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.replace.styl                             stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.rgba.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.saturate-desaturate.styl                 stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.selector.exitsts.styl                    stylus/cases/bifs              ok [with typo :-)]
bifs.selectors.styl                           stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.selector.styl                            stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.shade.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.slice.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.split.styl                               stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.s.styl                                   stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.substr.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.tint.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.transparentify.styl                      stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.type.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.unit.styl                                stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.unquote.styl                             stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.url.styl                                 stylus/cases/bifs              ok
bifs.use.styl
bifs.values.styl                              stylus/cases/bifs              ok
casting.styl                                  stylus/cases                   ok
coercion.styl
colors.styl                                   stylus/cases                   ok
comments.styl                                 stylus/cases                   ok
compress.comments.styl                        stylus/compress                ok
compress.semicolon.styl                       stylus/compress                ok
compress.units.styl                           stylus/compress                ok
conditional-assignment.styl                   stylus/cases                   ok
control.blueprint.ie.styl
control.blueprint.screen.styl
control.boilerplate.styl
css.eos.styl                                  stylus/css                     ok
css.extend.styl                               stylus/css                     ok
css.functions.single-line.styl                stylus/css                     ok
css.if.styl                                   stylus/css                     ok
css.keyframes.styl                            stylus/css                     ok
css.large.styl                                stylus/css                     ok
css.media.styl                                stylus/css                     ok
css.mixins.braces.styl                        stylus/css                     not ok
css.mixins.root.styl                          stylus/css                     ok
css.mixins.root.wonky.styl                    stylus/css                     ok
css.mixins.styl                               stylus/css                     not ok
css.selector.interpolation.styl               stylus/css                     ok
css.selectors.styl                            stylus/css                     ok
css.whitespace.styl                           stylus/css                     ok
dumb.styl                                     stylus/cases                   ok
eol-escape.styl                               stylus/cases                   ok
escape.styl                                   stylus/cases                   ok
extend.cascade.styl                           stylus/cases                   ok
extend.complex.styl                           stylus/cases                   ok
extend.in-loop-context.styl                   stylus/cases                   ok
extend.in-loop.styl                           stylus/cases/extend            ok
extend.in-media-query.styl                    stylus/cases                   ok
extend.in-mixin.nested.styl                   stylus/cases                   ok
extend.in-mixin.styl                          stylus/cases                   ok
extend.multiple-definitions.styl              stylus/cases/extend            ok
extend.multiple-selectors.styl                stylus/cases                   not ok
extend.styl                                   stylus/cases/extend            ok
extend.using-variable.styl                    stylus/cases                   ok
extend.with.optional.styl                     stylus/cases                   ok
extend.with.parent.reference.styl             stylus/cases                   not ok
extend.with.placeholders.styl                 stylus/cases                   ok
fontface.styl
for.complex.styl                              stylus/cases                   ok
for.function.styl                             stylus/cases                   ok
for.postfix.styl                              stylus/cases                   ok
for.styl
function.arguments.styl
function.literals.styl
functions.anonymous.styl                      stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.arg-calls.styl                      stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.call.mixin.styl                     stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.call.styl                           stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.call.to-string.styl                 stylus/cases/functions         not ok
functions.defaults.styl                       stylus/cases/functions         not ok
functions.multi-line.styl                     stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.multiple-calls.styl                 stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.nested-calls.styl                   stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.nested.styl                         stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.property.styl                       stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.return.each.styl                    stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.return.styl                         stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.styl                                stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.url.styl                            stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.variable.ident.styl                 stylus/cases/functions         ok
functions.variable.styl                       stylus/cases/functions         ok
hack.star.styl
hoist.at-rules.styl
if.else.styl                                  stylus/cases                   ok
if.mixin.styl
if.postfix.styl
if.selectors.styl
important.styl
import.basic.styl                             stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.clone.styl                             stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.comments.styl                          stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.complex.styl                           stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.glob.styl                              stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.include.basic.styl                     stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.include.complex.styl                   stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.include.function.call.styl             stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.include.function.styl                  stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.include.in.function.styl               stylus/cases/imports           not ok
import.include.megacomplex.styl               stylus/cases/imports           not ok
import.include.resolver.absolute.styl         stylus/cases/imports           not ok
import.include.resolver.css-file.styl         stylus/cases/imports           not ok
import.include.resolver.images.styl           stylus/cases/imports           not ok
import.include.resolver.nested.styl           stylus/cases/imports           not ok
import.index.styl                             stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.literal.styl                           stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.lookup.styl                            stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.mixins.styl                            stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.mixins.transparent.styl                stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.namespace.styl                         stylus/cases/imports           ok
import.ordering.styl                          stylus/cases/imports           ok
index.styl
interpolation.properties.styl
introspection.styl
jquery.styl                                   stylus/cases                   ok
keyframes.fabrication.defaults.styl
keyframes.fabrication.styl
keyframes.newlines.styl
keyframes.styl
kwargs.styl
list.styl
literal.color.styl
literal.styl
media.bubble.styl
media.complex.styl
media.styl
mixin.conditional.styl
mixin.order.conditional.styl
mixin.order.nested.styl
mixin.order.styl
mixin.pass-keyword-args.styl
mixins/bar.styl
mixins/box.styl
mixins.complex.fix-to.styl
mixins.complex.styl
mixins.conditional.styl
mixins.nested.selectors.styl
mixins.nested.styl
mixins.order.2.styl
mixins.reset.styl
mixins.return.styl
mixins.root.styl
moz-document-import.styl
moz-document.styl                             stylus/cases                   ok
multiline.styl
object.complex.styl
object.mixin.styl
object-prototype-props.styl
object.styl
operator.range.styl
operators.assignment.function.styl            stylus/cases/operators         ok
operators.assignment.mixin.styl               stylus/cases/operators         ok
operators.assignment.root.styl                stylus/cases/operators         ok
operators.complex.styl
operators.equality.styl
operators.in.styl                             stylus/cases/operators         ok
operators.mixins.styl
operators.precedence.styl                     stylus/cases/operators         ok
operators.styl
operators.subscript.assign.styl
operators.subscript.range.styl
operators.subscript.styl
operators.unary.styl                          stylus/cases/operators         ok
page.styl                                     stylus/cases                   ok
parent.complex.styl
parent.styl
parse.styl                                    stylus/cases                   ok
prefix.css.selector.interpolation.styl        stylus/cases/prefix            ok
prefix.extend.complex.styl                    stylus/cases/prefix            ok
prefix.extend.styl                            stylus/cases/prefix            ok
prefix.extend.with.placeholders.styl          stylus/cases/prefix            ok
prefix.grid.styl
properties.colons.styl                        stylus/cases/properties        ok
properties.one-line.styl                      stylus/cases/properties        ok
properties.styl                               stylus/cases/properties        ok
property-access.bubble.styl                   stylus/cases/properties        ok
property-access.siblings.styl                 stylus/cases/properties        ok
property-access.styl                          stylus/cases/properties        ok
queries.styl                                  stylus/cases                   ok
regression.107.lookup-failure.styl            stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1112.styl
regression.1171.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1173.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1182.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1205.styl
regression.1206.styl
regression.1214.styl
regression.1277.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       not ok
regression.127.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.130.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.131.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.137.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.139.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.142.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.146.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.153.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.154.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.156.styl
regression.1571.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1572.styl
regression.1584.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       not ok
regression.1623.styl
regression.1727.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1741.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1882.styl
regression.1995.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1997.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.1998.styl                          stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.212.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.216.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.220.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.229.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.233.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.235.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.243.styl
regression.244.styl
regression.247.styl
regression.248.compressed.styl                stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.252.styl
regression.260.styl
regression.267.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.270.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.272.styl
regression.274.styl
regression.292.styl
regression.360.styl
regression.368.styl
regression.379.styl
regression.380.styl
regression.388.styl
regression.415.styl
regression.420.styl
regression.432.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.440.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.449.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.458.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.460.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.469.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.472.styl
regression.475.styl
regression.480.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.484.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.498.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.499.styl
regression.503.styl
regression.504.styl
regression.524.styl
regression.535.styl
regression.536.styl
regression.566.styl
regression.619.styl
regression.747.styl
regression.748.styl
regression.790-2.styl
regression.790.styl
regression.808.styl
regression.810.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.814.styl
regression.819.styl
regression.834.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.839.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.865.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
regression.911.styl                           stylus/cases/regressions       ok
require.basic.styl                            stylus/cases                   ok
require.complex.styl                          stylus/cases                   ok
require.glob.styl                             stylus/cases                   ok
require.include.styl                          stylus/cases                   ok
require.index.styl                            stylus/cases                   ok
require.literal.styl
reset.styl                                    stylus/cases                   ok
rule.charset.styl                             stylus/cases                   ok
rulset.newline.styl
rulset.styl                                   stylus/cases                   ok
scope.complex.styl                            stylus/cases                   ok
scope.nested.styl                             stylus/cases                   ok
scope.styl                                    stylus/cases                   ok
selector.interpolation.styl
selector.reference.styl                       stylus/cases/selectors         ok
selectors.complex.styl                        stylus/cases/selectors         ok
selectors.nested.comma.styl                   stylus/cases/selectors         ok
selectors.nested.styl                         stylus/cases/selectors         ok
selectors.pseudo.elements.styl                stylus/cases/selectors         ok
selectors.pseudo.styl                         stylus/cases/selectors         ok
selectors.styl                                stylus/cases                   ok
self-assignment.styl                          stylus/cases                   ok
supports.styl                                 stylus/cases                   ok
unicode-range.styl                            stylus/cases                   ok
units.styl                                    stylus/cases                   ok
utf8.bom.styl                                 stylus/cases                   ok
vargs.call.styl                               stylus/cases                   ok
vargs.styl                                    stylus/cases                   ok
variables.styl                                stylus/cases                   ok
variable.styl                                 stylus/cases                   ok
whitespace.oes.styl                           stylus/cases                   ok
============================================= ============================== =====================
